broot: improve configuration (#1597)
nix-community/home-manager: doc/release-notes/rl-2103.adoc

This release has the following notable changes:

> * The `progrmas.broot.verbs` option is now a list rather than an

Reviewer: Misspelled, also can be made into a link to the actual option documentation using
```suggestion
* The <<opt-programs.broot.verbs>>` option is now a list rather than an
```
